Return-Path: <laurent.dorazio@isima.fr>
X-Original-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive
Delivered-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive
Received: from BounceSmtp1.univ-nantes.fr (BounceSMTP1.univ-nantes.prive [172.20.12.66])
	by sympa6.univ-nantes.prive (Postfix) with ESMTP id 31B5C1813EFA
	for <polytech_liste-egc@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive>; Fri,  6 Dec 2013 02:09:20 +0100 (CET)
Received: from mx3.d101.univ-nantes.fr (MX3.univ-nantes.fr [193.52.101.137])
	by BounceSmtp1.univ-nantes.fr (Postfix) with ESMTP id 2C3DC40B241
	for <polytech_liste-egc@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive>; Fri,  6 Dec 2013 02:09:20 +0100 (CET)
Received: from localhost (localhost [127.0.0.1])
	by mx3.d101.univ-nantes.fr (Postfix) with ESMTP id 1B7E33D1EAD
	for <liste-egc@polytech.univ-nantes.fr>; Fri,  6 Dec 2013 02:09:20 +0100 (CET)
X-Virus-Scanned: Debian amavisd-new at univ-nantes.fr
X-Spam-Flag: NO
X-Spam-Score: -4.478
X-Spam-Level: 
X-Spam-Status: No, score=-4.478 tagged_above=-1000 required=5
	tests=[CRM114_GOOD=-5, MR_NOT_ATTRIBUTED_IP=0.2,
	SARE_RMML_Stock18=0.222, UN_PHISHING_PW=0.1] autolearn=disabled
X-CRM114-Status: GOOD ( 12.0058 )
X-CRM114-CacheID: 
Received: from mx3.d101.univ-nantes.fr ([127.0.0.1])
	by localhost (univ-nantes.fr [127.0.0.1]) (amavisd-new, port 10024)
	with ESMTP id sUURXcebmKsO for <liste-egc@polytech.univ-nantes.fr>;
	Fri,  6 Dec 2013 02:09:16 +0100 (CET)
X-Greylist: delayed 00:20:26 by SQLgrey-1.6.7
Received: from sp.isima.fr (sp.isima.fr [193.55.95.1])
	by mx3.d101.univ-nantes.fr (Postfix) with ESMTP id 6677466719C1
	for <liste-egc@polytech.univ-nantes.fr>; Fri,  6 Dec 2013 02:09:16 +0100 (CET)
Received: from www.isima.fr (www.isima.fr [193.55.95.79])
	by sp.isima.fr (8.14.4/8.14.4) with ESMTP id rB60mHKb030003;
	Fri, 6 Dec 2013 01:48:17 +0100
Received: from 117.3.71.116
        (SquirrelMail authenticated user dorazio)
        by www.isima.fr with HTTP;
        Fri, 6 Dec 2013 01:48:43 +0100 (CET)
Message-ID: <26577.117.3.71.116.1386290923.squirrel@www.isima.fr>
Date: Fri, 6 Dec 2013 01:48:43 +0100 (CET)
From: "Laurent d'Orazio" <laurent.dorazio@isima.fr>
To: dorazio@isima.fr
User-Agent: SquirrelMail/1.4.8
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Importance: Normal
X-Greylist: Sender IP whitelisted, not delayed by milter-greylist-4.2.7 (sp.isima.fr [193.55.95.1]); Fri, 06 Dec 2013 01:48:17 +0100 (CET)
X-Validation-by: cyril.de-runz@univ-reims.fr
Subject: [liste-egc] BDMA@DASFAA 2014 - Call for papers


========================
Apologies if you receive multiple copies of this message
========================

CALL FOR PAPERS - BDMA2014

BDMA 2014: Second International DASFAA Workshop on Big Data Management and
Analytics
April 21, 2014, Bali, Indonesia
(In conjunction with DASFAA 2014)
DASFAA Conference URL: http://www.dasfaa2014.org/
BDMA Workshop URL: http://db.pknu.ac.kr/bdma2014/


PUBLICATION

All accepted conference papers will be published in: LNCS - Lecture Notes
in Computer Science - Springer Verlag (http://www.springer.com/lncs).


WORKSHOP AIM AND SCOPE:

The second International DASFAA Workshop on Big Data Management and
Analytics (BDMA 2014) will take place on April 21, 2013 in Bali,
Indonesia, in conjunction with DASFAA 2014 which is an annual
international database conference in the Asia-Pacific region. The
objective of BDMA 2014 is to create a dedicated forum to bring together
researchers, practitioners and others to present and exchange ideas,
experiences and the latest research results on big data management and
analytics. BDMA 2014 will provide an excellent opportunity for the
researchers from academia and industry as well as practitioners to
showcase the latest advances in this area and to discuss future research
directions and challenges on big data management and analytics. The
workshop’s scope includes all important aspects of information
technology including processing, management, analytics, visualization,
integration and modeling of big data.

Please visit: BDMA2014 Webpage (http://db.pknu.ac.kr/bdma2014/) for more
details.


TOPICS OF INTEREST:

We solicit technical papers and position papers (without deep experimental
analysis, just to include problem identifications and novel approaches to
problem solving) that address all important aspects of information
technologies for processing and analyzing big data. Topics of interest
include but are not limited to:
- Big data analytics and visualization
- Big data management architectures
- Big data placement, scheduling, indexing and optimization
- Big data mining
- Distributed file systems for Big data
- Programming models for Big data processing
- Distributed and federated databases
- Distributed/parallel processing for streaming big data
- Big data processing platform architectures
- Big data integration and interoperable big data modeling
- Real-time processing of streaming big data
- Real-time streaming data analysis
- Real-time visualization of streaming big data
- Streaming big data applications and challenges
- Economic models for data
- Case studies and industrial experiences
- Benchmarking, tuning, and testing
- Future research challenges in management and analysis of Big Data


INVITED TALKS

Title: Meme Media and Knowledge Federation for Exploratory Visual
Analytics of Big Data
Invited Speaker: Prof. Yuzuru Tanaka, Computer Science Department,
Graduate School of Information Science and Technology, Hokkaido University

Abstract:
Our meme media research started in 1989 has been focusing on extending the
Web since 2008 to develop a WebTop meme media system WebbleWorld, with
which people can publish, retrieve and utilize all kinds of Web resources
including Web documents, Web applications and Web services, easily extract
some portions of these resources as meme media objects, graphically and
functionally combine these meme media objects to compose new Web resources
as composite meme media objects, and republish such composite Web
resources into the Web, only through direct manipulations. Such a process
of extracting some portions of Web resources, combining them to compose
new Web resources is denoted by knowledge federation. Improvisational
knowledge federation denotes that such federation can be performed
improvisationally by end-users only through direct manipulation of Web
resources. The WebTop meme media system WebbleWorld enables
improvisational knowledge federation. During the last several years!
, our team has been involved in two kinds of practical big data analysis
projects. One includes EU FP6 project ACGT (Advancing Clinico-Genomic
Trials on Cancer) and its follow-up FP7 project p-medicine (personalized
medicine), where we deal with clinical trial data and patient genomic
data. The other is a Japanese government-initiative project on social
cyber-physical systems for the optimization on social system services, for
example, snow plowing and removing services in Sapporo. These projects
told us that the real worlds of such practical applications cannot be
formulated by monolithic mathematical models. Macro analysis which simply
applies the same statistical analysis or the same data mining algorithm to
the whole target world may easily fail to obtain any significant result.
Personalized medicine which is exactly based on this observation tries to
find out a specific case of patients to whom some specific candidate
treatment may show significantly better performance!
than the other alternatives. In general, we may assume that r!
eal worlds may consist of a large number of sub worlds each of which can
be formulated by a rather simple monolithic mathematical model. Our
question is how to find out those sub worlds, i.e., subsets of objects.
There may be two possible answers. One is to develop an advanced
clustering algorithm to automatically or semi-automatically find out those
subsets. The other is the exploratory visual analytics approach.
Unfortunately, there are no such advanced clustering algorithms that may
work for our current purpose. Therefore, exploratory visual analytics is
currently the only solution from practical point of view in analyzing
scientific big data in research studies and urban big data in strategic
operation of urban infrastructures. Exploratory visual analytics needs a
large library of analysis tools and the capability of improvisationally
federating some of these tools together with different data sources for
complex analyses. This talk shows how meme media and improvisatio!
nal knowledge federation technologies enable the development of highly
interactive visual environments for exploratory visual analytics.

Bio sketch:
Yuzuru Tanaka has been a full professor of computer architecture at the
Department of Electrical Engineering (1990-2003), then of knowledge media
architecture at the Department of Computer Science, Graduate School of
Information Science and Technology (2004- ), Hokkaido University, and the
director of Meme Media Laboratory (1995-2013), Hokkaido University. He was
also a full professor of Digital Library, Graduate School of Informatics,
Kyoto University (1998-2000), has been an adjunct professor (2004- ) and a
steering committee of National Institute of Informatics (2013- ), and is
also an affiliated scientist of FORTH (Institute of Computer Science,
Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas). From 2013, he is working
as the program officer of a new 8 year CREST program of JST on big data
application technologies, and also as an education and research councilor
of Research Organization of Information and Systems consisting of seven
national research institutes and centers!
in Japan. He is also one of the three series editors of Springer’s LNAI
series. His research areas included multiprocessor architectures, database
schema-design theory, database machine architectures, and full text search
of document image files. His current research areas include meme media
architectures (a component-based media architecture for the reediting and
redistribution of knowledge resources among people), improvisational
knowledge federation frameworks, proximity-based federation of smart
objects, and their application to digital libraries, e-Science,
explorative visual analytics for clinical trial big data, and a social
cyber-physical system for optimizing complex social system services such
as snow plowing and removing in Sapporo and for disaster management and
response. He worked as a visiting research fellow at IBM T.J. Watson
Research Center (1985-1986), is a fellow of both Information Processing
Society of Japan and Japanese Society of Software Science,


Title: Big Graph Data Processing
Invited Speaker: Prof. Wook-Shin Han, Dept. of Creative IT
Engineering/Dept. of Computer Science and EngineeringUniversity of
POSTECH, Korea

Abstract:
Graphs are used to model many real objects such as biological structures,
social networks, chemical compounds, ontologies, and web graphs. Real
graphs such as Facebook and Twitter have already reached a billion nodes,
and we will soon be facing trillion-scale graphs. Many real applications
in computer science, bioinformatics, chemistry, physics, and health-care
require efficient and effective management of graph structured data. In
this talk, I will first explain several key challenging issues related to
big graph processing and analytics. Next, I will introduce the iGraph
framework for supporting subgraph indexing and subgraph search algorithms.
Subgraph search has many important applications such as motif search in
bioinformatics, and chemical compound search in chemistry, social network
search, RDF query processing, and malware detection in computer science.
Next, I will explain a novel subgraph search algorithm called TurboISO,
which significantly outperforms the state-o!
f-the-art method. Finally, I will introduce a ultrafast disk-based graph
analytics engine called TurboGraph, which shows ultrafast performance
improvement over state-of-the-art distributed engines.

Bio sketch:
Professor Wook-Shin Han is currently an Associate Professor in the
Department of Creative IT Engineering and the Department of Computer
Science and Engineering in POSTECH. Before that, he was an Associate
Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering in
Kyunpook National University. He obtained his Ph.D. from KAIST in 2001.
His primary research efforts for the past 19 years have been devoted to
developing new techniques in DBMS "engine research." He has developed an
object-relational DBMS supporting multiple language bindings. He has also
developed the tight coupling technology of DBMS with IR features. At the
IBM Almaden Reserch Center, he has developed progressive query
optimization in the parallel DB2 as a postdoc. He also invented the new
concept of "parallelizing query optimization" for faster query compilation
by exploiting multi-core architecture. Recently, he has developed a
framework called iGraph for comparisons of subgraph isomorphism indexing
an!
d query processing algorithms. He published at major international
journals and conferences, including SIGMOD, VLDB, SIGKDD, ICDE, WWW, IEEE
Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering, and VLDB Journal. He
regularly serves as a PC member for VLDB, SIGMOD, and ICDE. He is
currently an associate editor of several international journals including
IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering and Information
Sciences. He will serve as an industrial co-chair for ICDE 2015.
Wook-Shin Han


WORKSHOP PROGRAM CHAIRPERSONS:
Laurent d'Orazio, laurent.dorazio@univ-bpclermont.fr, Blaise Pascal
University, France
Cyrus Shahabi, shahabi@usc.edu, University of Southern California, USA
Ge, Yu, yuge@mail.neu.edu.cn, Northeastern University, China
Hong Bonghee, bhhong@pusan.ac.kr, Pusan National University, Korea

PC MEMBERS:
Mirna Adriani, Universitas Indonesia, Indonesia
Hung Ngo Ba, Cantho University, Vietnam
Peter Baumann, Jacobs University Bremen, Germany
Yeow Wei Choong, HELP University, Malaysia
Jérôme Darmont, Université de Lyon, France
Xiaoyong Du, Renmin University, China
Hong Gao, Harbin Institute of Technology, China
Le Gruenwald, University of Oklahoma, USA
Tan Hanh, Posts and Telecommunications Institute of Technology Ho Chi Minh
City, Vietnam
Seon Ho Kim, University of Southern California, USA
Jinho Kim, Kangwon National University, Korea
Joonho Kwon, Pusan National University, Korea
Dominique Laurent, University of Cergy Pontoise, France
Sang-goo, Lee, Seoul National University, Korea
Sangjun Lee, Soongsil University, Korea
SangKeun Lee, Korea University, Korea
Yoon Joon Lee, KAIST, Korea
Zhanhuai Li, Northwestern Polytechnical University, China
Mondher Maddouri, Taibah University, Tunisia
Philippe Rigaux, CNAM Paris, France
Mohan Saïd Hacid, Université de Lyon, France
Stefanie Scherzinger, Hochschule Regensburg, Germany
Hyoseop Shin, Konkuk University, Korea
Wook-Shin Han, KyungPook National University, Korea
Ha-Joo Song, Pukyong National University, Korea
Nicolas Spyratos, University of Paris-South, France
Maria Del Pilar Vilamil, Universidad de Los Andes, Colombia
Guoren Wang, Northeastern University, China
Jongwook Woo, California State University, USA
Jae Soo, Yoo, Chungbuk National University, Korea
Aoying Zhou, Eastern China Normal University, China


IMPORTANT DATES:
Manuscript submissions: January 15th, 2014
Notification of acceptance: February 15th, 2014
Camera-Ready deadline: March 1st, 2014


PAPER SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Papers should be submitted at
https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=bdmadasfaa2014

Papers should not exceed 15 pages in LNCS (Lecture Notes in Computer
Science) format. The submission of papers must be in either PDF or Word
format. The Authors should exclude the usage of non- English fonts to
avoid the problems from reviewers' machines.
You may download formats(LaTex2e Format and MS Word Format) by the
following links:

http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0#anchor5

All accepted papers MUST strictly follow the LNCS/LNAI Authors instructions.


