Return-Path: <sympa@sympa.univ-nantes.fr>
X-Original-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa.univ-nantes.fr
Delivered-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa.univ-nantes.fr
Received: by Sympa.univ-nantes.fr (Postfix, from userid 103)
	id 2E13459B929A; Tue, 22 Apr 2008 14:52:48 +0200 (CEST)
To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa.univ-nantes.fr
From: bellatreche@ensma.fr
Subject: FINAL CALL FOR PROPOSALS
In-Reply-To: 
Message-ID: <sympa.1208868598.22437.545@sympa.univ-nantes.fr>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2008 14:52:48 +0200 (CEST)
X-Validation-by: fabrice.guillet@univ-nantes.fr

CALL FOR CHAPTER PROPOSALS
Proposal Submission Deadline: April 30, 2008
PROPOSAL SHOULD BE SEND TO bellatreche@ensma.fr 

Data Warehousing Design and Advanced Engineering Applications: 
Methods for Complex Construction
(Advances in Data Warehousing and Mining Book Series, www.igi-global.com/ADWM)

A book edited by Dr. Ladjel Bellatreche
LISI/ENSMA - University of Poitiers, France
INTRODUCTION
For the past fifteen years, data warehousing and on line analysis (OLAP) technologies have shown their effectiveness in managing and analysing a large amount of disparate data. Today, these technologies are confronted with new applications (mobile environments, data integration, data flow, personalization, stream data, sensor network applications, etc.) and new challenges as shown by the increasing success of the EII technologies (Enterprise Information Integration). These technologies are attracting a lot of attention from the Database, Data Warehousing and Data Mining research communities.

The main particularity of this book is that it covers the whole process of designing and using a data warehouse, which includes conceptual design, logical design, physical design, auto administration, tuning and evolution management. This book will also cover the open issues for each design phase of a data warehousing with a special focus on self-administration and tuning a data warehouse.  Applications that utilize data warehousing technologies, such as ontology-based integration approach, complex data warehousing, content data warehousing, scientific databases, bioinformatics, etc will also be presented. The book will be organized into 6 parts: (1) conceptual design, (2) logical design, (3) physical design, (4) auto-administration and tuning, (5) evolution management and (6) applications. Each part is composed of several chapters. 

In conjunction with the goals and objectives of the book, the topics should fall into at least one of these preceding categories. Further categories can be considered if the proposal can justify the importance of the area and the relevance with the book.

OBJECTIVE OF THE BOOK

The primary objective of this book is to give readers in-depth knowledge of data warehouses and their applications. The book is designed to cover a comprehensive range of steps for designing efficient and self administrable data warehouses and managing their evolution. The fact that most of these steps are supported by some commercial DBMSs motivates the need for such a book.

TARGET AUDIENCE

Researchers in Computer Science and Computer Science Engineering, PhD students in Computer Science and Computer Science Engineering, graduate students in Computer Science and Computer Science Engineering, practitioners in Computer Science, Computer Science Engineering and Database Administrator. 

RECOMMENDED TOPICS INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, THE FOLLOWING:

Conceptual Design 
Data warehouse life-cycle
Ontology-based Integration Systems
ETL and Ontology
Logical Design
Cube Implementations 
Multidimensional modelling
Physical Design
Selection of Redundant Optimization Structures 
Selection of Non Redundant Optimization Structures
Parallel and distributed data warehouse design
Tuning and auto administration of data warehouses
Indexing and Compression of data warehouses
Data mining and data warehouse tuning and auto administration
Evolution management
Versioning and evolution management in data warehouses
Applications

TIMETABLE: 

Chapter proposal submission deadline: April 30, 2008
Notification of the acceptance/rejection of chapter proposal: May 31, 2008
Chapter submission deadline: August 31, 2008
Chapter review feedback send to authors: October 15, 2008
Revised chapter submission deadline: November 15, 2008
Final chapter submission deadline:  December 20, 2009

SUBMISSION PROCEDURE

Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit on or before April 30, 2008, a 2-3 page chapter proposal clearly explaining the mission and concerns of his or her proposed chapter. Authors of accepted proposals will be notified by May 31, 2008 about the status of their proposals and sent chapter guidelines. Full chapters are expected to be submitted by August 31, 2008. All submitted chapters will be reviewed on a double-blind review basis. The book is scheduled to be published by IGI Global (formerly Idea Group Inc.), www.igi-global.com, publisher of the IGI Publishing (formerly Idea Group Publishing), Information Science Publishing, IRM Press, CyberTech Publishing, Information Science Reference (formerly Idea Group Reference), and Medical Information Science Reference imprints.
Guidelines for preparing your chapter and terms and definitions will be sent to you upon acceptance of your proposal.

Inquiries and submissions can be forwarded electronically (Word document) or by mail to:
Dr. Ladjel Bellatreche
LISI/ENSMA
1, Avenue Clément Ader
Futuroscope 86960
FRANCE
Tel.: +33 5 49 49 80 72  •  Fax:  +33 5 49 49 80 64
E-mail: bellatreche@ensma.fr


