Return-Path: <sympa@sympa.univ-nantes.fr>
X-Original-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa.univ-nantes.fr
Delivered-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa.univ-nantes.fr
Received: by Sympa.univ-nantes.fr (Postfix, from userid 103)
	id D3A9A60944E; Mon, 15 Jun 2009 17:12:35 +0200 (CEST)
To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa.univ-nantes.fr
From: chirine.ghedira@iut.univ-lyon1.fr
Subject: Offre de =?ISO-8859-1?Q?th=E8se?=/Phd Position. Service Oriented Computing team_University Lyon 1
In-Reply-To: 
Message-ID: <sympa.1245078619.11018.713@sympa.univ-nantes.fr>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Date: Mon, 15 Jun 2009 17:12:35 +0200 (CEST)
X-Validation-by: fabrice.guillet@univ-nantes.fr

Please find here with a Phd position:

Title.  Web services oriented approach for privacy-preserving data sharing

PhD Subject Description. This thesis will address the challenges of query-processing for the need of data sharing in distributed environments, by advancing a data (Web) service-based approach and by taking into account the data privacy dimension. Data services are a new class of services that sits between SOA application developers and the enterprise’s sea of heterogeneous data sources [1]. We have already devised an RDF-oriented query rewriting algorithm to compose data services using their respective RDF views [2]. The objective of this thesis is to expand this algorithm so that composing data services to answer user queries doesn’t reveal any confidential data by respecting data privacy policies. To do that, we envision to prospect two main ideas:
(a) Semantic oriented data privacy model. The most data privacy approaches adopt a simple “hide” mechanism to disclose sensible data. For example, to disclose the city name of a person, NULL value is adopted. We believe that between revealing the real value and completely hidden it, an intermediate solution could be advantageous. We then propose a semantic oriented data privacy strategy which consists to reveal a semantic value instead of NULL value. This intermediate semantic value could be based on the k-anonymity mechanism proposed in [3].
(b) Semantic query transformation. Since data services will only return approximate values due to the privacy constraints, queries will then necessitate some semantic transformation so that some join operations will have a sense. The semantic transformations that must be applied on a (sub)query have to be automatically discovered from the privacy policies. This is an open and important problem that we have to resolve to expand our existing RDF query rewriting. 
Finally, the main expected scientific results of this thesis will be an original web service oriented framework for privacy-preserving data sharing. 
It will also be asked to implement the main components of the proposed approach, realize some experiments, compute the performance of the proposed privacy preserving query resolution algorithm to compose data services and show that it can scale up to a large number of services.

Keywords: Data Services, RDF, Query processing, Data sharing

Director:  Djamal Benslimane		Co-directors: Chirine Ghedira & Michael Mrissa
Laboratory: SOC (Service Oriented Computing) Research team of the LIRIS lab (http://liris.cnrs.fr/) at University Lyon 1


Funding source(s).
The subject is fully funded by the ANR for the project PAIRSE. Preserving privacies in P2P environments: A Web Service-based Approach.

The candidate is expected to work towards a PhD degree in Computer Science. The position is estimated to start in October 2009.


How to apply.
- Send a resume that provides detailed information about your education, motivation and scientific background and interest
- email to: cghedira@liris.cnrs.fr and dbenslim@liris.cnrs.fr                email subject : PhD position SOC_Pairse
- Provide detailed marks with ranks
- Provide the address and contact information of a Professor (referee) (Doctoral course or Engineer school) 
- Deadline of sending the application email : June 25,  2009


The candidate should have:
- a MSc or a Master in engineering degree in computer science at the end of the academic year 2008-2009,
- skills and a background in Web services, RDF are appreciated. 
- a willingness to travel to project meetings and to work on project deliverables
- a willingness to work with multiple teams
- good proficiency in English

References
1.Michael J. Carey: Data delivery in a service-oriented world: the BEA aquaLogic data services platform. SIGMOD Conference 2006: 695-705.
2.Barhamgi M., Benslimane D., Ouksel A.M. Composing and Optimizing Data Providing Web Services.  In The 17th International World Wide Web Conference, WWW 2008 (Poster), Beijing, China, April, 2008.
3.Kristen LeFevre, David DeWitt, and Raghu Ramakrishnan. Incognito: Efficient Full-Domain K-Anonymity. In ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data, 2005.

