Return-Path: <sympa@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive>
X-Original-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive
Delivered-To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive
Received: by sympa6.univ-nantes.prive (Postfix, from userid 103)
	id 055091903B77; Mon, 20 Apr 2015 09:42:08 +0200 (CEST)
To: polytech_liste-egc@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive
In-Reply-To: <>
Message-ID: <sympa.1429515691.1530.244@sympa6.univ-nantes.prive>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="US-ASCII"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7BIT
From: "Olivier Pivert" <olivier.pivert@enssat.fr>
X-Mailer: Sympa 6.0.7
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2015 09:42:08 +0200 (CEST)
X-Validation-by: cyril.de-runz@univ-reims.fr
Subject: [liste-egc] ISMIS 2015 -- Deadline extension

Important notice: the submission deadline has been extended to May 15, 2015.

----------------------------------

Call for Papers

2015 International Symposium on Methodologies for Intelligent Systems (ISMIS
2015) will be held in Lyon, France, October 21-23. Symposium website:
http://liris.cnrs.fr/ismis15/
Symposium Theme

The scope of ISMIS is intended to represent a wide range of topics on applying
Artificial Intelligence techniques to areas as diverse as decision support,
automated deduction, reasoning, knowledge based systems, machine learning,
computer vision, robotics, planning, databases, information retrieval, etc. The
focus is on research in intelligent systems. The symposium addresses issues
involving solutions to problems that are complex to be solved through
conventional approaches and that require the simulation of intelligent thought
processes, heuristics and applications of knowledge. The integration of these
multiple approaches in solving complex problems is of particular importance.
ISMIS provides a forum and a means for exchanging information for those
interested purely in theory, those interested primarily in implementation, and
those interested in specific research and industrial applications.
Topics of Interest

ISMIS'15 is intended to attract individuals who are actively engaged both in
theoretical and practical aspects of intelligent systems. The goal is to
provide a platform for a useful exchange between theoreticians and
practitioners, and to foster the cross-fertilization of ideas in the following
areas:

Active Media Human-Computer Interaction
Big Data
Digital Libraries
Intelligent Agent Technology
Intelligent Information Retrieval
Intelligent Information Systems
Intelligent Language Processing
Knowledge Representation and Integration
Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining
Knowledge Visualization
Logic for Artificial Intelligence
Music Information Retrieval
Social Networks
Soft Computing
Text Mining
Web Intelligence
Web Mining
Web Services

In addition, we solicit papers dealing with Applications of Intelligent Systems
in complex/novel domains, e.g. human genome, global change, manufacturing,
health care, etc.
Paper Submission

Authors are invited to submit their manuscript in LNCS/LNAI style. All
submissions will be handled electronically; detailed submission instructions
will be provided on the symposium website. All submissions will be subject to
review by ISMIS'15 program committee.

Papers: Maximum 10 pages; submission deadline May 15.

Demonstrations: Authors of accepted papers may contact the program chairs
concerning possible system's demonstrations at the conference.
Publications

ISMIS'15 proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag in LNAI (Lecture
Notes in Artificial Intelligence) and will be available at the symposium. Any
necessary information concerning typesetting can be obtained directly from
Springer at Springer's guidelines page.
